kg is already full with us today
trains and looks good with him and
maybe already for the weekend
alternative gives everything else as well
said the people who has already
falls earlier I had my life but
even his loki me that both
not so far but has always been
my job at team a script me
you can change the atmosphere on the
Return yesterday evening describe how it is
the crew on it was quiet bus was
quiet we entertained today and
I hope that we have our situations
properly understood and analyzed
I must be allowed to be so because
you see that we are we can
not just everyone beat everyone
Family and that makes us real makes me
sad remains as they are not so
far that he ideas we only positive
you still have to tell me what
take a look in the other direction or look
and we had to go to our better cause
improve us and we have three again
Gates conceded that's really annoying
no matter which goalkeeper is there that is
just like that maybe nova theater
what write that it also belongs
that no matter which one is there really
in three gates so that's real
been a bad game and yes
usually something good in football
The next game you can all because you
Do it well and we'll wait or
not only expect but
is and for a good reaction otherwise
a few weeks ago when it came to the
return from sebastian prödl against after
long injury talked about it
that's a bit about it too
look like the defender
harmonize with each other that is
Of course , a bit far right
could have an effect on the
future now has sebastian prödl
played twice with jannik vestergaard
And there were eight goals you have to
conclude that it is not good
works with the two
I got so critical not be so
looks like that's currently been so
and fish a little more than you do
maybe but not only at
the two lend that, of course
definitely yes you need some time
one was injured and another new one arrived
that's really you need some time
unfortunately we do not have this time and
they should play already and exactly
so that gives the to that again that
too many gates and has to be better
and we wait this better that was what
we go to the football
not only that forward polzin but
play well with each other talking about just
because how to vote like that
as we almost always play with
Conviction 1 2 against 1 agree in the same way
against wolfsburg was just like yesterday
so big was almost alone in front and
Nevertheless, we have so many goals
but conceded again that not only
the two schools but also in total
Defensive work from us was not like that
optimal